According to investigation by various agencies, 10 terrorists were spotted by a local fisherman as they disembarked from their dinghy boat near Badhwar Park. The terrorists entered the hotel through restaurant and started pumping bullets into the gathered crowd.Ajmal Kasab was the only terrorist to be captured alive. The attacks, which drew widespread global condemnation, began on Wednesday 26 November and lasted until Saturday 29 November 2008; 164 people died and 308 were wounded. Oberoi-Trident Hotel was the last site to be attacked by the terrorists around the same time as the Taj. They offloaded their bags full of explosives and carried AK47 assault rifles in their rucksacks.Of the ten LeT terrorists, eight got off near the fishing sacks on the shore. Fifty-eight people were killed at the CST railway station in an indiscriminate gunfiring that lasted for about one-and-a-half-hour. On 9 April 2015, the foremost ringleader of the attacks, Zakiur Rehman Lakhvi, was granted bail against surety bonds of ₨200,000 (US$1,900) in Pakistan. By the early morning of 28 November, all sites except for the Taj Hotel had been secured by the Mumbai Police Department and security forces. On 7 January 2009, Pakistan confirmed the sole surviving perpetrator of the attacks was a Pakistani citizen. The Taj came under attack between 9.35 pm and 10 pm. Ajmal Kasab disclosed that the attackers were members of Lashkar-e-Taiba, among others. This gave the police team time to overpower Kasab and capture him. After attacking CST railway station, he and Ismail Khan had targeted the Cama Hospital. The rabbi, his wife and five Israeli hostages were killed. The Government of India said that the attackers came from Pakistan, and their controllers were in Pakistan. There was also an explosion at Mazagaon, in Mumbai's port area, and in a taxi at Vile Parle. Two of gunmen went back into the sea. Miraculously, the two-year-old child of the rabbi survived as his housemaid smuggled the baby to safety. He was tried and sentenced to death in May 2010.

